# anti-phishing_prediction_system
Anti-phishing refers to efforts to block phishing attacks. Phishing is a kind of cybercrime where attackers pose as known or trusted entities and contact individuals through email, text, or telephone and ask them to share sensitive information. Typically, in a phishing email attack , the message will suggest that there is a problem with an invoice, that there has been suspicious activity on an account, or that the user must log in to verify an account or password. Users may also be prompted to enter credit card information or bank account details as well as other sensitive data. Once this information is collected, attackers may use it to access accounts, steal data and identities, and download malware onto the user’s computer,
Anti-phishing protection refers to the security measures that individuals and organizations can take to prevent a phishing attack or to mitigate the impact of a successful attack. Certain anti-phishing protection may block emails containing phishing attacks from entering a company’s email system at all.

Anti-phishing technology is designed to identify and block phishing emails using a variety of methods. Certain anti-phishing solutions scan the content of inbound and internal emails for any sign of language that suggests a potential phishing or impersonation attack.
Machine learning approaches to detect phishing websites have been proposed earlier and implemented. The aim of this project is to implement the systems with high efficiency, the best accuracy, and cost effectively. Two machine learning algorithms are used here in this project The two classification models are logistic Regression and Random Forest Classifier. It was found that the random forest classifier provides the best accuracy for the selected dataset and gives accuracy score of 98%.
